it's safe to say you were probably
raised very very tough yeah yeah tough
ass on the street G yeah dude what can
you pass along to your kids that they
would understand what you know what
George is funny you say that because uh
Ivan I'm having a hard time with
figuring out the type of life lessons
you know that I've done trying to hand
my kids you know basically as a father
you want to teach your kids certain
things I look back at my life George you
know I don't have a lot to teach hands
on one thing like okay my daughter and
this is me being very honest you guys my
daughter's a little princess beautiful
she's spoiled so you know I'm one way
with her boom my son I'm like I live in
LA I'm in the valley you know my son
ain't around tough kids my main thing is
teaching my son how to fight and how old
is he
my son's 3 ok yeah you don't see girls
on these daycares long crazy all right
I caught a little boy putting paste in
my son's mouth that's what I had enough
I gotta teach my son how to defend
himself
now the only problem I'm having my son
my son thinks he's spider-man George for
real right listen I'm not joking like
like when we play he wet me like this
but because I'm dead like me cuz I'm his
dad when he does it I gotta act like I'm
cold I'm like oh no you know let me out
let me out so let's play it let me tell
you why this is bad I'm not joking so I
go to pick him up from school write this
little boy's hitting my son in the head
with a truck right my son on the floor
doing this
a rabbit no I'm not so Madison boy you
make a chancer you're not spider moving
move you're not spider move you can try
to get me I have a balding okay
let me out let down isn't matter y'all
and I'm being so serious man my
household son is in trouble
come on Salem hey really thinks he's
fighting me short oh oh don't judge
my son
I had my son come here where business I
saw the web all y'all better act like
y'all caught in the net is your daughter
a good student oh man you know it's
funny my daughter is actually a great
student but I didn't understand how good
of a student she was like you know I'm
gonna Philadelphia you guys uh you know
City weird go down there all right so
listen so I don't I don't know what that
was I saw it in the video so my
daughter's first support card you know
uh she gets a report card so I'm like
baby how'd you do your report card so
she's like looked at I got all A's and G
so you know I'm from a school of AIDS
beans and seeds you know Dean's a bad
answer bad so my mind I'm like you got
worse than that like you know I get five
how dumb is my baby to get y'all was
born off and she was like no no like my
mom told me it was excellent and good
but that just made me even more angry
because I'm like who get y'all audacity
to California to change these stuff okay
for years it was A's B's and C's either
geez somebody do that for that I almost
punched my daughter on forehead no
I was I didn't do it cuz my son was like
he's fine